If you require any more information or have any questions about our site's disclaimer, 
please feel free to contact us by email at ijustescapedyesterday@gmail.com. We do not 
promise you any free currency or items of any kind. 

~~~~~~~Disclaimers for Ijustescaped's Blooket Hacks~~~~~~~~~
Basic summary of disclaimer: 
"Our scripts should be used at your own risk, and at your own responsibility. We will not 
admit to any concequences these scripts may cause. "

Full disclaimer:

All the information on this website - github.com - is published in good faith and for 
general information purpose only. Ijustescaped's Blooket Hacks does not make any 
warranties about the completeness, reliability and accuracy of this information. Any action
you take upon the scripts you find on this website (Ijustescaped's Blooket Hacks), is
strictly at your own risk and responsibility. Ijustescaped's Blooket Hacks will not be 
liable for any losses and/or damages in connection with the use of our repository, such as 
suspension of your Blooket account, or a deletion of your account
From our gui, you can visit other websites by following hyperlinks to such external sites.
While we strive to provide only quality links to useful and ethical websites, we have no 
control over the content and nature of these sites (such as on the discord server). These 
links to other websites do not imply a recommendation for all the content found on these 
sites. Site owners and content may change without notice and may occur before we have the
opportunity to remove a link which may have gone 'bad' or 'Malicious'.

Please be also aware that when you leave our website, other sites may have different 
privacy policies and terms which are beyond our control. Please be sure to check the 
Privacy Policies of these sites as well as their "Terms of Service" before engaging in
any business or uploading any information.

Consent
By using our scripts, you hereby consent to our disclaimer and agree to its terms.

Update
Should we update, amend or make any changes to this document, those changes will be
prominately posted on the update page and the update page only. 
